In Class Exercise -- Planning

Intro:  What if our world was not so simple and we needed to do multiple
things to get from start to goal.  Say we had to get through a door that
required a key.  We would need to find the key first before we went to the
door.  But, what if we needed to have the key in its original place before
we flipped a switch that was also required to open the door.  Getting the
key first would preclude us from opening the door.  We need to plan before
we start or we may not succeed in getting to the goal.  We know how to
search now so we will focus our attention on higher level planning
although the tools we have learned will be of great assistance.

Given:  We have basically the same area used all along but now we add a
door, a key and a switch as described in the intro.  The door is the only
way to the goal.

Problem:  We can intuitively see that what needs to be done is to find the
switch, switch it, then find the key and use it to unlock the door.  It is
fairly simple for a human to solve this problem.   More complicated
problems with interrelations become more difficult.  What we need is a
program that will do this for us.  Use the rule structure introduced in
the previous problem to produce rules for this problem.  Consider how a
production system would do with this problem.  What if the problem were
more complicated?  Write production rules for this problem.  Don't worry 
about how you get to the switch, etc., we can use one of our search 
programs for this.  Come up with 3 to 5 rules that cover all that is 
needed.  You will use these rules to come up with a planner.  The 
predicates in the antecedent are now called preconditions.  Planners work 
from the goal backwards to find the best way to complete the task.  You 
will have an initial state that describes what you know at the start.

